-----
##Project Exploration
-----
######Michelle Caballero
######12 January 2019

I am, Michelle Caballero. I love mathematical theories and logic base
concepts. I have a passion for conceptualizing ideas and seeing them through
to delivery. I enrolled in this course to attain the knowledge and skills
necessary to bring my aspirations to life. I believe that the IT industry is
to us today, what the concept of currency was to the B.C. era men, a foundation
and tool necessary to build a new empire. In order for my ideas to have enduring
effects, I need to have solid understanding of the IT industry and utilize it to
my benefit.

I have four objectives for this project. My first objective is to exercise all
the skills and knowledge I attained through the Microsoft Program. My second
objective is to learn how to bring a concept to life with the use of my new skills
and knowledge, and grow as a developer. My third objective is to exhibit my new
knowledge, growth, and experience to employers through this project. My fourth
objective is to create or improve a concept in order to help other people learn,
grow, and experience new things, and hopefully start a ripple effect of improvement.

The first prospective project would be a teaching system. In this application,
the user will be able to learn how to speak Spanish. It would create different
modules. Within those modules there will be lessons, exercises, and test. The
application would track the progress and report the improvement, the deficiencies,
and provide solutions to fix deficiencies. A good example of this application
already developed is Mango. The Mango application was tools like practicing through
real world conversation, sounding out words with pronunciation pop-ups, matching
users accent with a native speaker audio, unique culture notes. This project would
accomplish my personal goals by exercising my skills, putting them into practice,
and helping user expand their knowledge by learning a new language.

The second prospective project would be a training system. In this application,
the user will be able to improve their ability to perform on a Army Physical Fitness
Test. It would crate daily workouts. These workouts would consist of,
conditioning, strengthening, and flexibility. There would be benchmarks to meet.
The application would track progress and report improvements and deficiencies. A
good example of this type of application would be strong lifts 5x5. This application
plans workouts for you, tracks progress. This project would accomplish my personal
goal by helping the user improve their ability to perform.

The third prospective project would be an accounting system. In this application
the user would be able to track their spending through the use of a specific payment
method; credit card, paypal, etc. It would force you to look at the account before
spending, warm when minimum balance is reached. Allocate a daily spending limit,
or limits on specific activities. A good example of this type of application is
clear checkbook. This application allows user to have multiple type of payment
accounts, it creates budgets, tracks budgets, and reports on budgets. It has reminders
of when payments are due. I could see my version being more of a training tool for
young adults who are learning the responsibilities of money. It would train them
how to budget at an early stage of their life. This project would accomplish my
personal goal by helping young adults learn a value skill in life and hopefully
prevent them joining the large pool of adults in debt.

I believe that if I can help anyone become a better version of themselves I have
accomplished my objective. I want my application to present a complex concept
in a way that it is more practical to the end user. I think that all of the prospective
projects will accomplish that in one way or another. All of the applications require
a strong understanding of programming and development of application. They could
all also be showcased to potential employers.
